[Music]
man you coming at me for my music but
you listen to this old stuff Oh Oh
better get up out of here with all their
pockets it's true I got a boyfriend yeah
her okay really
he'd been together a lot of stuff we got
time
my name is star two hours daddy made me
that garden Heights Mama and Daddy says
our life is here because our people are
here we got mr. Rufus barbecue
rest early us barbershop and daddy's
store the high school is where you go to
get jump high or pregnant we don't go
there Williamson is another world so
when I'm here I'm starvin - Oh kids'll
it basically Williamson star doesn't
give anyone a reason to call her ghetto
and I hate myself for doing it until the
weekend comes around I get those news
books every time oh no I know you've
been ain't gonna like these
[Music]
out of the car you know stop go back
where he told you come on I'm not
playing go back today garden Heights is
reeling after the shooting of a 17 year
old black teenager by a white police
officer we live in a complicated world
it doesn't seem very complicated to me
violence it's the same story just a
different name
babies asbestos you can see failure as a
parent was threatening her
it's about more than just a little it's
about black people poor people everybody
at the bottom I need to speak for him
when you're ready to talk you talk I
never let nobody make you be quiet I
named you start by asking
[Music]